hi there Doug Williams late Chevrolet
thank you very much for letting me show
you the 2009 used Chevy LT - 2500 with
the 410 rear end the 410 will give you
all the horsepower and torque you need
to pick up a trailer and move it
instantly off the line high discharge
fog lights impact resistant headlights
no rock chips no scratches this
gentleman traded in the truck for a
bigger model
he bought a dually this truck only has
23,000 miles on it no dents no door
dings along the side the tires no curb
rash of course brand new treads Westin
non-slip running boards tinted glass
the inside uses the ebony cloth interior
with the 40/20/40 split seat six-way
power with lumbar power windows power of
years also has the trailer towing power
folding mirror for the tight places
trailer brake is already built in and
included am/fm CD XM radio with mp3 plug
heat and air conditioning for the
passenger and driver's side traction
control dual power points the seat will
flip up to give you the sixth person or
the high depth box OnStar with
turn-by-turn navigation available your
home link system you can actually open
your garage door turn on the lights to
your house if you have a gated community
open there that's how easy it is to
lower and raise the seats you'll notice
the seats at a 15 degree slant giving
you a much comfortable and smoother ride
for long distances no fatigue if you sit
and look you can see that the back seat
is actually 12 inches higher than the
front seat giving everybody a theater
tiered seating system in the back oh my
gosh handles for easy access mat pockets
cupholders tinted rear window this
vehicle also comes equipped with a spray
in bedliner no corrosion no rust molded
mud flaps trailer towing package for
class 3 or class floor with plug-in
locking tailgate with the easy opening
tailgate system you can lift it with two
fingers wrap around tail lights for
safety z71 package looking down the
passenger side once again no door dings
no paint transfers no nicks at all
no smoke smell no must it's been
extremely well taken care of this was a
professional man's truck it was his
office when he was on the road it had to
look good and you the pride of his
ownership definitely shows I hope it
shows in the videos as well once again
thank you very much for giving us here
at blade Chevrolet a chance to earn your
business and show you the 2009 lt1 Chevy